Do you feel bad
about shooting me?
I ain't shoot yo ass.
(METAL CLANKING)
Have you never really considered
why you got shot
-and Russell didn't?
-What are you talkin' about?
-♪ (ROCK MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
-(LAUGHS)
-Lee Russell, did you shoot me?
-Of course, I didn't!
But I have been trying to
figure out who would.
NEAL GAMBY:
Sure have made a lot of enemies.
But, you've also made a friend.
LEE RUSSELL: The reason that
I brought you back here,
is because I need your help.
There's a full on vote comin'.
I don't know that I have
what it takes.
(PEOPLE GASPING)
I'm back, and I'm ready to put
my foot inside someone's ass!
-That's how it's done.
-(CYMBAL CRASH)
Will you double-check
the inventory list?
Felicia, I need you
back up front.
Goddamn, motherfucker.
You need a new pair of kicks.
Them right there are
raggedy as fuck.
These are my lucky sneakers
right here, Reggie.
They nasty as hell.
Got damn
marinara sauce on 'em.
That's Mr. Gamby's
blood right there.
I was wearing these
when I found his ass
all shot up outside.
You've been walking around here
with blood on your shoes
talkin' about they lucky?
You damn right they lucky.
They ain't lucky.
They crusty
as a motherfucker.
Your hairnet is crusty
All right, Mr. Bad-Ass.
The lucky man.
From thumb to pinky
and back again in 30 seconds.
Hundred bucks says you can't do
it more than 10 times.
Dayshawn:
Shit, that's easy money.
Hundred in, two back?
Ha! You got it.
You ready?
Y'all gather round.
Reggie: Uh-huh.
Reggie about to lose
her lunch money.
Reggie:
Okay, we gonna
see about that.
You about to need a ride home.
Your bus fare is gone.
Uh-huh. You about
to lose a finger.
Hoo-hoo-hoo!
We gonna see. Mm-hmm.
Call it, friendo.
Talkin' shit. Go.
You ready?
Somebody take a fuckin' picture.
I'm a bad motherfucker.
(screams)
(all gasping)
Shit.
Damn!
It's all the way in there.
(theme music playing)
Get off me, man!
I didn't do nothin'!
Shut your mouth, Landry.
I've been tailing your ass
for a week and a half.
I know you're my shooter!
And right now, Officer Willows
is about to find a 9mm handgun
wrapped in a trench coat
with possibly a Warriors' mask.
No, Gamby.
I'm not seein' any of that.
Look under that
Norton anthology book.
What's there?
What's under
Raisin in the Sun--
I don't got no gun, man!
Shut up!
Fuck. It's
a scientific calculator.
All right, fine.
Get to class, goddamn it.
Keep walkin', Landry.
Do not dance--
You son of a bitch.
Damn it, Gamby.
You really made me believe
that kid was dangerous.
I almost tased his ass.
Well, maybe you should have,
the way he's dancing
on your reputation.
You've had me put handcuffs
on three kids now.
I can't keep following
your crazy leads, man.
No more.
Maybe I'll just solve this case
on my own, Willows!
Good!
"Good"? Fuckin' watch!
(door opens)
Hey.
Jesus!
Why don't you announce yourself?
Neal Gamby. I'm here.
Do you see my face?
I'm trying to control my anger.
Do you know why?
No, I have no clue.
You're still wearing
that damn sweatshirt.
We are the Tigers, Gamby,
not the Warriors.
I like how this fits.
It's comfy. It's broken in.
Well, it makes you look fat.
Sit down.
Goddamn it.
I hid my phone in the lounge.
It's recording
the teachers' meeting.
"Recording"?
Well, I've heard
that these meetings are
a hotbed for dissent.
I'm gonna be a fly
on the wall, find out
who the shit-talkers are.
You're gonna have
Nash in here?
Don't you think this is
a little above her pay grade?
Well, I'm trying
to work her into
the inner circle, Gamby.
Yeah.
I want to be out there mixin' it
up with the crew, you know?
Uh-uh.
I work alone.
I do not have
fuckin' partners, okay?
What the fuck are
you talking about?
You partnered with me.
Fine. Stay out
of my fucking way.
(indistinct chatter)
Shh! I think I hear
them coming.
LeBlanc:
Welcome, all.
I assume we've
survived the midterm.
Here! Hey!
Abbott:
Yeah, are you kidding?
I could use about
five appletinis right now.
(laughter)
Ross:
Speaking of which,
uh, I called ahead
and got our usual table.
Is everyone up
for payday drinks?
All: Yes. Oh, yes.
Yes?
"Payday drinks,"
the elitist motherfuckers.
Snodgrass:
Actually, I can't.
Sorry. I'm meeting Brian.
Hayden:
Brian. The elusive Brian.
When do we get to meet him?
Meet him? Um, never.
Ooh, sounds like Snodgrass is
getting railed by another man.
Shut up, Russell.
I could use a drink
right now. I'm telling you.
I got a whiff
of Russell's breath
this morning,
I can still smell it.
(laughter)
Russell:
That's Octavia LeBlanc.
Nobody thinks she's funny.
Wash your mouth,
for Christ's sake.
(laughter)
Ross:
You can smell him coming.
Can you tell me where
he buys his little costumes?
Those are the loudest clothes
I've ever seen.
LeBlanc: Unbelievable.
Snodgrass: Oh yeah.
And that cologne, my God.
Smells like Raid.
Lord, it burns my eyes
every time he walks by.
Ross: His hair burns
my eyes, man.
Yes. Frosted tips?
(laughter)
Ross:
You're not Greg Kinnear
in the '90s.
(laughter)
I hate him.
Okay. All right. All right.
Uh-- uh, I think we know now
what we didn't know from before.
So, if you don't mind,
I'm just gonna...
make sure that
this hard drive is...
backed up.
(muffled clanging)
(muffled screaming)
It's old,
but it's got charm.
Where's
the closest neighbor?
Uh, about a mile
down the road.
Want to take
a look inside?
Yeah.
Master bedroom is downstairs
and there's two more upstairs.
It smells like shit.
Did somebody die in here?
Uh, somebody
actually did die.
What about that?
Is that mine too?
The barn? Yep.
Property sits on 10 acres.
I'll take it.
(chuckles)
I-- I-- I don't want
to jeopardize my sale,
but I-- I do feel
it's my duty to at least
show you
the whole place before...
any decisions are made.
I'll be honest
with you, Robbie Rex.
Recently, someone tried
to commit first degree murder
against my body.
And that killer
is still at-large.
Oh dear.
"Oh dear" is right.
That's why I'm looking
for a place
that can be secluded,
heavily fortified.
So that I can plant
intricate booby traps
around the property,
turn this place into
an impenetrable fortress.
'Cause let me
tell you something.
My killer,
he's coming back.
(furniture rattles)
And when he does,
I'm gonna be fucking ready.
I think you're really
gonna like the place.
Yeah. Home is
where the heart is.
Man, these are
some tasty-ass ribs.
Good looking out, man.
Thank you, man.
So you, um...
Mr. Gamby's brother?
(stifled laugh)
That's not funny.
Gale, we could be brothers.
Ray and I share
a very deep bond.
(chuckles) No,
we're not brothers though.
He's married to the woman.
She used to be my wife.
She bore me the girl.
Dayshawn is one
of my bestest friends
at the school.
In fact, he's the first one
that came across
my bullet-riddled body.
He actually gave chase
to the shooter.
Damn.
Dayshawn, the real reason
I brought you here today...
well, to see if you could
help me to identify the shooter.
Gale:
Oh, good Lord.
Janelle, baby, why don't you
take your food, go watch TV?
(whispers)
Yes!
(Gale mutters indistinctly)
Gamby:
Janelle, don't watch
any R-rated films.
You know, I busted her
watching Revenge of the Nerds
the other day.
You know,
that movie shows bush.
(binder thuds)
Dayshawn, in this binder are
all the individuals
who hold a grudge against me.
The shooter could be
any one of these people.
That's a thick-ass book.
I'm surprised
there aren't more.
See? This is why
I'm not married to her.
Gamby:
(scoffs) Yeah.
Now, Dayshawn, I want you
to look through this binder
and see if any of these people
look familiar to you.
Dayshawn: No.
Him?
Does this seem familiar?
No. No, that's not it at all.
Is this, if he was running
behind, going...
No.
Does that look like
who that could have been?
No, nothing like that.
Mr. Gamby, all these
black kids, man.
Yeah, you said that
the shooter had black hair.
Yeah, black like
the color black,
not black like Afro.
Okay, you also said
the hair was greasy.
It was greasy
as a motherfucker.
Okay, and you also said
that the shooter was fast.
So, you see, Dayshawn,
this to me all points
to a Afro-American.
Man, this dude had
black hair like an Indian.
Like Gandhi?
Gandhi ain't have no hair.
(scoffs, laughs)
This is like your boy
from, uh, Smoke Signals.
You ever seen Smoke Signals?
No, I've never seen that film.
Can you use
a better reference?
It's black like,
uh, them heavy metal
devil-worshipping motherfuckers.
Devil-worshiper?
Yeah, man.
Oh, shit.
There you go.
Dayshawn: That's it.
Robin Shandrell.
Very interesting.
Hello, Octavia.
Oh, this ought to be good.
Good morning, Lee.
Oh, well, it would
be a very good morning
if we didn't have so many
gossip hounds in this school.
Don't you know
that it's rude
to talk about other people
behind their backs?
To what is it
that you refer?
I just know that
you are all mean people
who like to cut others down.
Well, good luck trying
to hurt my feelings,
because guess what?
You can't.
I mean, yeah, if you want it.
Well, I love you.
(chuckles)
Bye.
Was that him?
Oh, hi.
Uh, who?
On the phone.
The man.
What man?
Nothing.
Uh, it was my mom.
Oh, 'cause I was gonna say,
that's a little soon
to be saying that to him.
Saying what?
"I love you."
I mean, I'm not saying that.
No.
I'm saying if you were
saying it to him,
Yeah, no--
if it had been him,
then that would have
been too soon.
I'm just saying it to,
um, to my mom.
Yeah, well, you've known
your mom for a long time,
so it's natural.
Who-- who's that?
What you doin'?
Anything fun?
It's Robin Shandrell.
He's the number one suspect
in my shooting case.
Oh, my God.
Is that a whole binder
of suspects?
Oh, my God,
yes, it is.
Be very glad
I don't put Brian in here.
Excuse me?
You heard me.
Why don't you just keep
your nose clean, Snodgrass?
What?
Swift, wake your ass up.
I'm leaving campus
to go run an errand.
If anybody asks,
just tell 'em that
because it's true.
Okay.
Mind if I come with?
Actually, Nash, this is more
of a solo mission.
Yeah, but Russell said
ya supposed to
show me the ropes.
Well, I'm not sure
you can handle these ropes.
Try me.
Fine, I will.
I'll try you by fire.
Let's go, rookie.
Let's see what kind
of man you are.
Now, Nash, sometimes,
you're gonna have to
leave school grounds,
even during school hours
if it means
interrogating a potential
murder suspect.
Suspect, huh?
Who's the perp?
Robin Shandrell.
He's a kid who used to go
to North Jackson High.
Found the ultimate payload
of all his reefers.
Busted his ass
and had him expelled.
Now he's working here
at this slaughterhouse,
killing fucking pigs.
My theory? He's been plotting
his revenge for the last year,
waiting for the perfect
opportunity to strike.
What do you see?
Okay, let's see.
A couple of big,
fat white guys--
No, he's not overweight.
He's not overweight.
Okay, let's see.
I got a Hispanic
with a little goatee,
big, fat white guy--
Doesn't matter
what their hair's like, Nash.
He's not Mexican, okay?
All right. Oh...
Ooh, ooh, freaky,
spiky-haired kid
coming out now.
Really pasty white.
That's him.
That's Robin Shandrell.
Of course he cut
his hair, huh?
He doesn't want
to be noticed.
He's hiding.
All the fucking
makeovers in the world
won't hide his filthy soul.
Filthy, filthy fucking soul.
Nash:
Feel kind of weird
going to his house.
It's not weird, Nash.
Just keep an eye out.
What's he doing?
Aw, jeez!
No, he's walking over here!
He's what?
Shit, Nash!
Get out of
the fucking car, Gamby.
Settle down.
Robin Shandrell.
Me and my associate here were
just doing some fly-bys.
We-- we were
looking for truants.
I didn't know you lived here.
You're spying on me.
I saw you at my work.
Maybe I fucking was, huh?
I'm on to you,
you freak piece of shit.
I know you're the one
who shot me.
I heard about that.
Yeah, but I'm really fucking
glad that it happened.
You know why?
Do you know why
I'm fucking glad
that it happened, Gamby?
I'm fucking happy because
you're a piece of fucking shit!
Watch it, punk.
Shut the fuck up!
You watch it!
You want to get your
melon knocked off?
I'll knock your
fucking melon off!
Get back here,
Shandrell. Confess.
Confess into my
voice-mail application now!
Why don't you fucking frame me
like the last time, Gamby?
What the hell are you
talking about, Shandrell?
You got caught
selling drugs at school
and you got busted.
Case closed.
I never kept my shit
in my locker.
I'm not that fucking stupid.
How'd it get there?
How the hell
am I supposed to know?
'Cause you planted it.
You framed me.
That's what you did.
Nash, get him.
Go, go, go!
Hey!
Get back here!
Aah!
Oh, shit!
Fuck.
How dare you,
Shandrell!
Oh, God.
You haven't heard
the last from us!
Oh... God.
Nash, come to me.
I appreciate
your follow-through there.
That was good.
You followed directions,
but you need to be quicker.
That's not fast enough.
Thanks.
(Russell groans)
(groaning)
Hey.
Tell me
what's going on, Lee.
I used to be friends
with all the teachers...
then I became principal
and they all started
complainin',
whinin' and talkin' shit.
You're the leader
of the school.
You have a different
relationship with them now.
I'm sure you'll
find the balance.
Not with Ms. LeBlanc
leading the wolfpack.
Talkin' about my fuckin'--
my breath.
Your breath?
I wanna kill her so bad.
I wanna do like the Muslims
and chop her fuckin'
head off, Christine,
and make a video
out of it.
Okay, well,
I know you, Lee,
and when you get upset,
you fly off the handle.
You might
just make it worse.
You catch more flies
with honey.
Excuse me?
The teachers are the ones
being assholes.
They're the ones who
need to use some honey.
You dusty old queef.
Oh, Christine, I'm sorry.
You set me up.
I had to.
Christine, please don't--
Christine?
Nobody gets my sense of humor.
Maybe the best way
to win their loyalty
is to be nice.
If you give them
nothing to complain about,
they have
no power against you.
Kindness is power.
That is beautiful.
Gamby:
Yeah.
Mm. Fuck yeah.
(tapping continuing)
Ugh.
(sniffing)
You smell that?
(door opens)
Surprise, surprise!
It is...
sushi time
in the teachers' lounge!
Uh, this is,
uh, Yuki San.
Hey.
Arigato.
He says arigato.  "Hi."
Uh, he works next
to the fish counter
at Albertson's,
but I was able to
wrangle him for the day.
We have, uh--
uh, spicy tuna, unagi,
salmon roll,
and shrimp tempura.
Oh, and, uh, and Bruce,
he's even doing
a little cream cheese
thing for you
because you, well, you seem
like you might like those.
It-- it looks left over
from another function.
Is it fresh?
Oh, it is so fresh.
It is caught daily.
And I paid for it,
so I know that it's fresh.
I know how much it costs.
Well, come on, y'all.
What's the hold up?
Yuki is gonna
get his feelings hurt.
I think we're just
not in the mood for sushi.
Not in the mood?
Oh, come on, y'all.
Look, I'm just trying to be
good ol' Cool Hand Lee here
to let y'all know
that nothing's changed.
Look, my new mission
is to be the coolest
goddamn boss
in the whole world.
(laughing)
Ross:
She is laughing.
She is... she's laughing.
Was that a...
a joke, Ms. LeBlanc?
"Boss"? That's how
you see yourself?
Well, I'm the principal,
so I am technically
the boss of everyone.
Not me.
I work for the district.
Uh, no, you work for me.
No, actually,
for the district.
Look, this is childish,
and I'm not gonna get
into an argument with you.
I don't have to prove
to anyone here
the position
of the principal
and where he is on the--
on the top of the heap.
If you were--
You wouldn't even
be the principal
if two other people
hadn't crapped out on us.
You are not
the king of the heap.
You are
the last man standing.
Meow.
Okay, y'all.
Well, I get it.
I guess I'll just leave,
so that you can talk
about my hair
or my breath
or how stupid
I look in my clothes.
I'll just leave this sushi
for... all of you here.
I'll just put it
in a place where...
where you can...
get it to...
What are you doing?
Ross:
Lee! Lee!
Here, here's this. Let's not
forget the cream cheese.
Jesus Christ!
And oh, my word,
why not have some
sauce with this
and have some...
Stop!
(teachers gasping)
You can take my attempt
at a loving gesture
and eat it off
the fucking floor.
Big Willows,
grab your Uzi.
We're gonna go bust
the a-hole that shot me.
I already told you, Gamby.
No more leads.
I have a real suspect now.
His name is Robin Shandrell,
and he basically
already confessed
to the attempted murder.
Well, if that's so,
I would need a warrant
to do a home search,
and I don't have one.
Goddammit, Willows.
You pencil-pusher.
Are you saying I gotta
take care of this on my own?
No, I'm not saying
that at all.
What I'm saying is
do nothing.
You go over there trying
to bust that kid yourself,
you'd be breaking
all kinds of laws.
Do you understand?
Can I borrow your sidearm
and your sunglasses?
Hell no.
I guess now I know
what "Willows" stands for.
"Pussy Willows."
Goddammit, Gamby.
Russell, I need to split
out of here early.
Is that okay with you?
You okay?
I'm all alone, Gamby.
The teachers hate me now.
(sighs)
You are my one true ally.
Come on, man.
Who cares if
the teachers don't like you?
They've never liked me.
I don't give a shit.
What are you doing
with Mr. King's bolt cutters?
You're gonna do something
fucked up, aren't you?
No, it's just part
of my investigation.
Invent...You're doing
investigation stuff without me?
I told you that I would help you
with that, Gamby.
I know, Russell,
but you're the principal.
I'm just trying to keep
you out of it
since I'm doing
off-the-record type stuff.
Please. Fuck that.
I wanna get my hands dirty,
like last semester.
I don't know, Russell.
This could get a little...
That's what I'm countin' on.
Okay, I'm gonna go
through the side window
and penetrate that.
I need you to go to the front
and create a diversion.
A diver-- Uh, no!
What? I'm not ready for that.
What am I supposed to do?
Come on, Russell.
You're the principal, man.
Command the situation.
Yeah...
I am the fucking principal.
Uh...
(guitar strumming)
(knocking on door)
Um... um...
Hello, my name
is Lee Russell,
the principal
of North Jackson High School.
I understand that
your son was in an altercation
with a female
school official yesterday
and I would like
to question him, please.
Robin!
Somebody to see you.
(door squeaks)
Russell:
Hello, Robin.
Do you remember me?
Lee Russell?
I'm principal now.
Robin:
Yeah, I don't give
a shit what you are.
Well, you should.
You hit my VP.
And hittin' ladies
does not fly at my school.
Mother:
You hit a woman, Robin?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Are you a fucking idiot?
Uh, hey.
Robin. Now, Robin, you can
either deal with me
right here, right now,
or Ms. Nash may have
to press charges.
Mother:
I wish you would arrest him.
No-good son of a bitch.
Robin:
I didn't do
anything fucking wrong.
They're the ones
who were spying on me.
I'm not gonna
fucking apologize
to your vice principal's shit.
I didn't--
I didn't do anything wrong.
I'm not saying that
you did anything--
Yes, you are! That's--
(coughing)
Robin, hey.
(snaps fingers)
All you gotta do
is talk to me.
(coughing)
I don't wanna talk to you.
And get the fuck out
of my house.
Uh, excuse me.
I am the principal
of North Jackson High School
and I need to-- you need
to come right back here
is what you need to do.
What's the matter, Paw-Paw?
(groans)
Did you doo-doo?
No.
Did you poo, Paw-Paw?
Mm.
All right, Paw-Paw,
let's get a bath, okay?
Look at me, Paw-Paw.
(grunts)
It's me. It's Robin.
I'll always be here.
I'll always take care of you.
Mm.
Come on, Paw-Paw.
(sighs)
Oh, holy shit.
Oh, it feels so good to be back
on the ol' wrecking crew.
(chuckles)
Oh, that kid,
he's definitely your shooter.
Did you see how poor
his family was?
Poor people always
commit crimes.
It's in their DNA.
Russell, there's something
I need to get off my chest.
You know when
I busted Shandrell
last school year?
Mm-hmm.
I may have put my thumb
on the scales of justice a bit.
The marijuana that was found
in his locker...
I planted it.
Whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I know, I know.
You framed a child?
I just didn't see
any other way, you know?
He's-- he's sitting there
dealing drugs at school
and all the students
know that he is.
You know, and what kind
of leader does that make me
if I just let it happen
right under my fucking nose?
I had to send a message
to the student body.
You break the law,
I fuck you raw.
That's a Gamby promise.
Well, it takes somebody
mighty dirty
to do something
that is that beautiful.
That's what
I'm talkin' about.
No nonsense.
So you think that that's cool?
Cool?
I think that's super fresh.
I don't know.
I'm just kind of...
struggling with it.
I feel like I ruined
this kid's life...
"Struggling"?
and I'm just trying to figure
out if it was the right thing.
"Struggling"?
Did I go too far?
"Too far"?
You're an inspiration.
I know what it is
that I have to do now.
All those fuckin' teachers
who talk shit about me,
LeBlanc, Carter,
Kingsbury, Ross and Snodgrass,
they all about
to get fucked raw
is what's going to happen.
I need to send a message
the Neal Gamby way.
Well, maybe
don't fuck Snodgrass raw.
I mean--
Why?
She doesn't even like you.
She's probably
getting 69'd right now.
Don't say that.
She probably is. She's probably
getting held up just like
this right now.
No, that's gross. Russell.
Okay.
I'll spare Snodgrass.
(sighs)
The Gamby way.
(school bell chimes)
Nash:
Ms. LeBlanc?
Principal Russell
wants to see ya.
(banging on window)
Pronto!
Russell, they're all here.
Hello, everyone.
Thank you all
for coming out here
and joining me.
This is a very special
place for me,
a place that I like
to come to and think.
Now, I've brought you here
because you all need a lesson
in respecting your superiors.
You can't be serious.
Oh, I'm serious, Bruce.
I'm as serious
as the heart attack
that you had last year.
Oh, for the love
of God, Russell.
Is this about
not wanting to eat sushi?
No, Ms. LeBlanc.
This is way bigger
than eating sushi.
This is about me...
firing all of you.
(scoffs)
What?
Now, I've had Mr. Gamby
gather your personal effects.
If I see you again
on this campus,
you will be shot on sight.
Carter: Whoa, whoa, Lee.
(teachers mutter)
Kingsbury:
This is cruel! Vindictive!
Oh, please.
Ruth Ann, if I was being
cruel and vindictive,
I'd talk about
you smelling up
the teachers' lounge
every day with your poop.
1:30 every day,
in there straight
fucking killing it.
Smells like goats at the fair.
IDs in the bucket. Come on.
Kingsbury: Oh, come on.
Yeah. Come. You. Right here.
No. Uh-uh.
Uh-huh.
Hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Teachers: Relax! Jeez!
Gamby: Bruce, just do it.
Let's go. All of 'em.
Jeez!
Come on.
Throw it in, Bruce.
Throw it in.
Do it, Bruce.
Oh, this is smart.
This is very,
very intelligent, Lee.
Oh, that's brilliant.
Yeah.
Jeez! Whoa!
To quote Euripides:
"When one with honeyed words--"
Ms. LeBlanc,
why don't you take
your Euripides
and shove it up your ass
before I have
Gamby frog-walk you
the fuck out of this forest?
Get the fuck out of here!
Go.
Kingsbury: Lee--
Go, go.
Go, you bunch of has-beens.
This is my life's work!
I'm too old
to start a new school!
Ruth Ann, stop
embarrassing yourself.
Go. You'll get
a job... somewhere.
Well, if it isn't Bill Hayden.
I'm so happy
you could come join us.
You're hurting me!
Gamby...
why don't you do the honors?
Have yourself a thrill kill.
Oh, I don't have anything
against Bill Hayden anymore.
I'm not pursuing Snodgrass.
Oh, come on.
Get a little blood
in your mouth.
Remember how good it tastes.
You know what to ask.
Hand me your fuckin' ID, Bill.
(chuckles)
You know what?
I don't even care.
This school's gone
to shit anyway, Gamby.
So, fuck you.
And fuck you.
(whistles)
Fuck you! Fuck you!
No, fuck you.
Russell:
Oh!
Whoo!
That was good.
I'm back. I'm back.
I'm back! Oh, my God!
Oh!
Ice-cold killer, Gamby!
Fucking brutal!
Just like you, Gamby!
Just like you!
(laughs)
Thank you, my friend!
Whoo!
(machine whirring)
What are you doing here?
This is no life
for a boy your age.
You don't give a fuck.
You don't care.
No, that's not true.
I very much do give a fuck.
You and I both know
that what I did
to you wasn't right.
I want to change that.
Why?
You think just because
you say sorry
that everything's okay?
'Cause it's not.
You still did what you did.
I know. I don't think it will
make everything okay, but...
hopefully this could...
be a step
in the right direction.
Re-admission papers
to North Jackson High.
You can return to school
if you want to.
If you come back,
you can't fuck around.
You can't sell drugs,
you can't act like an asshole.
You gotta fall in line.
Can you do that?
Yeah.
See you at school.
Dayshawn, my man.
What's up, Mr. Gamby?
I wanted to apologize to you
for the rib dinner.
It wasn't enough.
Oh, no, man.
I thought them ribs
was tasty as fuck.
Thank you, man.
No, don't thank me.
I'm trying to thank you.
I got something for you.
Something I feel
is more appropriate
for you saving my life.
Wow, man. That's, uh...
Yup. Oh, shit!
Look at that!
Looks like we both
in this motherfucker for real.
Immortalized.
Two heroes, you and I.
So, what do you say?
Are we even
for you saving my life?
Uh, sure, dude.
Life debt repaid.
I'm cool with it
if you are.
(engine revving)
Who the fuck is that?
I don't know,
but that's a nice-ass car.
You're not supposed
to pick up people here.
This is strictly for buses.
Snodgrass:
Hi! Perfect timing!
Where's she going to?
(laughs)
You okay, Mr. Gamby?
♪ ♪
♪ Now you on the run, son ♪
♪ Since 1981 ♪
♪ Yeah, you went
and did some things ♪
♪ And spoiled the fun ♪
♪ Yeah, you got the FBI ♪
♪ They ain't on your side ♪
♪ Yeah you're caught
foolin', friend ♪
♪ With a senator's wife ♪
♪ Oh, I don't need it ♪
♪ Well, no one does ♪
LEE RUSSELL: I am the Principal.
WOMAN: What's this?
NEAL GAMBY:
King Ding-a-ling? It's a pretty
good picture of you.
Look how tiny they made your
tee-tee bird.
It's time Gamby.
You're going undercover.
GAMBY: I got my hands full
with my own job.
Better stay off my bad side.
GAMBY: He tried to kill me.
RUSSELL: He's hanging out with
machine guns and cannibals.
Funny thing about me, Ray,
I can eat people too.
♪ (HIGH SCHOOL BAND DRUMMING) ♪